today we visit scotland, to find out what a scottish schoolgirl thinks of her school meals. and because the european cup football matches have reached an interesting stage, and poor old england have been knocked out by italy, this might be a good time to learn a new football expression.the park is my favorite resting place. the park is a good place for both the grownsup, the elderly and children. in the park you can not only rest outdoors, but also have fun and amuse yourself.so, in five minutes we are all going to the park. mom gathered all the necessary things and dad put it into the trunk. grandparents are meant to be met already in the park, because they do not live with us. in the park i plan to take rides, rent rollerblades for my two sisters who have already learned to rollerblade. as for my youngest sister, there are many rides for small children in the park.parents and grandparents will probably take a walk in a park and talk about everything that is going on now in the world. they are unlikely to have a rest. they must be constantly on the alert lest the grandchildren should do some mischiefs.as for me, i will never refuse to go to the movies with my friends extra time. even if i had my own cinema, i would still never reject the proposal. first of all, due to the fact that any visit to the movies is a great chance to talk with friends and have fun.in my city there different kinds of restaurants indian, french, chinese and so on. i prefer oriental cuisine, so i can often be found in japanese restaurants. probably everyone is aware of the most signature dish of the japanese waiters in the japanese restaurant are very obliging. at the beginning they hand me the menu forminutes so that i might study it well. i adore sweets, therefore i always order some dessert. a waiter takes my order and after a while he serves me the dessert. at the end i pay for the dinner and leave some tip.clothes play a big role in our life. we wear clothes to differ from others, showing our innodividuality. fashion is constantly changing so everyone chooses his own style. and this style may be both in vogue and out of fashion. for example, in england. all girls and boys are required to wear a particular uniform. if you see a pupil attired in blue, know for sure that this person comes from england. however, for the past years every school in england may change rules.we can wear whatever we want. but this rule applies only to home clothing. when we are within a society, we must adhere to some limits.Rosemary Fell was not exactly beautiful. She was young, brilliant, extremely modern, well dressed and amazingly well read in the newest of the new books. Rosemary had been married two years, and her husband was very fond of her. They were rich, really rich, not just comfortably welloff, so if Rosemary wanted to shop, she would go to Paris as you and I would go to Bond Street.One winter afternoon she went into a small shop to look at a little box which the shopman had been keeping for her. He had shown it to nobody as yet so that she might be the first to see it.The maid was gone and the girl almost burst into tears. She forgot to be shy, forgot everything except that they were both women.Among the passengers travelling home by train from Florence there was a certain Miss Bradley. only noticed her when passing down the corridor, because of her really remarkable plainness.I think we may have exchanged half a dozen words at dinner, when passing one another the sugar or the bread. But they were certainly all we exchanged.Normally, passengers for the Golden Arrow are dealt with by the customs first, as the train leaves twenty minutes before the ordinary boat train. When the boy asked if we were going on the Golden Arrow, I hesitated and then said.As we went towards the Customs Hall, I explained carefully to her that my train left before hers, but that I would see her through the customs; the boy would then take the luggage to our trains, and she could sit comfortably in hers till it left.Meet my family. There are five of us my parents, my elder brother, my baby sister and me. First, meet my mum and dad, Jane and Michael. My mum enjoys reading and my dad enjoys playing chess with my brother Ken. My mum is slim and rather tall. She has long red hair and big brown eyes. She has a very pleasant smile and a soft voice. My mother is very kind and understanding. We are real friends. She is a housewife. As she has three children, she is always busy around the house. She takes care of my baby sister Meg, who is only three months old. My sister is very small and funny. She sleeps, eats and sometimes cries. We all help our mother and let her have a rest in the evening. Then she usually reads a book or just watches TV. My father is a doctor. He is tall and handsome. He has short dark hair and gray eyes. He is a very hardworking man. He is rather strict with us, but always fair. My elder brother Ken is thirteen, and he is very clever. He is good at Maths and always helps me with it, because I can hardly understand all these sums and problems. Ken has red hair and brown eyes. My name is Jessica. I am eleven. I have long dark hair and brown eyes. I am not as clever as my brother, though I try to do my best at school too. I am fond of dancing.here are different kinds of animals on our planet, and all of them are very important for it. For example, everybody knows that the sharks are dangerous for people, but they are useful for cleaning seawater. There are two types of animals.Giraffes do not hunt. They eat leaves, grass, and fruit. Due to their long neck, they can reach the highest leaves on the trees that other animals cannot eat.You can often meet giraffes in city Zoos. They are very friendly and all the children like them very much.When an official of a government or business is acting dishonestly, we say that this person is corrupt. Corruption is a serious problem in many countries around the world. There are several different kinds of corrupt practices, including bribes, kickbacks, nepotism, and embezzlement.A kickback is similar to a bribe, except that the official receives some part of the money in a dishonest business deal. For example, governments sometimes decide which company should build a road. A company might offer money to the government official who makes the decision, so that this company will be chosen, even if it is not the best company for the job.First, you put some water in a kettle and put it on the stove to boil. When it is nearly boiling, you pour a small amount of the hot water into a teapot, and swill it round, and pour it out again. This warms the tea pot. Then you put tea or tea bags into the tea pot. Well, my mother used to say that you should put in one teabag for each person, plus one for the pot. So, if you are making tea for two people, you should put three teabags into the pot.Then you pour boiling water onto the tea, and let the tea stand for about three minutes. If you have milk in your tea, put the milk in the cup first and pour the tea onto the milk, not the other way round. After you have poured the tea, and offered sugar to those strange people who like sweet tea, you should pour some more boiling water into the tea pot. Because the one thing which is nicer than a nice cup of tea is another nice cup of tea.Today, most people have a light meal in the middle of the day perhaps a sandwich and an apple, which they eat at their desk in the office.People eat their main meal of the day in the evening, when they get home from work.Elizabeth Leighton lives in Dull. However, she is obviously not a dull person, because recently she went for a cycling holiday in America. And while she was there she discovered a town called Boring. Boring is in Oregon, in the north-west of the United States. ow I dont want to spoil a good story for you, but I have to point out that Dull is not called Dull because it is a dull place. The name Dull comes from the Scottish Gaelic language,Recently, scientists have discovered that it is not just people who suffer from a mid-life crisis. Apes such as chimpanzees and orang-utans are among our closest biological relatives, and they too tend to feel depressed and dissatisfied in their middle years. The scientists sent a questionnaire to people who look after chimpanzees and orang-utans in zoos. The questionnaires asked about how happy the apes seemed at different stages of their lives. They found that, very like humans, apes are happiest when they are young and when they are old, and less happy in their middle years.o now you know that, if you see a chimpanzee driving a sports car, or dancing Gangnam Style, he is probably just having a mid-life crisis.Are you interested in the behaviour of people and animals? If you are, then you might enjoy the study of psychology. Psychology is the study of behaviour, but this is a very large area of study. There are several different branches of psychology, each of which studies a different aspect of behaviour.Social psychologists study interactions among people. For example, a social psychologist might try to learn about the situations that cause people to behave aggressively. Another question studied by social psychologists is why certain people become attracted to each other. One of the interesting problems in social psychology is conformity: what causes people to behave in the same way, and to follow what others do and say?Cognitive psychologists study thinking, memory, and language. One problem studied by cognitive psychologists is how people remember numbers. For example, what is the best way to memorize some numbers? Is it better to repeat the numbers to oneself, or to try to attach some meaning to these numbers? A cognitive psychologist might also study language. For example, why can young children learn a second language so quickly and easily? Cognitive psychologists are also interested in the ways that people learn to solve problems, such as finding a new place.Clinical psychologists study mental illnesses. For example, a clinical psychologist might try to find out the causes of depression and to figure out ways of helping people who are depressed. Other clinical psychologists might study the behaviour of people who suffer from addiction to drugs, so that this problem can be prevented and treated. Another topic of interest to clinical psychologists is violent behaviour. It is very important to find ways of preventing violence and to change the behaviour of persons who act violently.Some psychologists are interested in the measurement of psychological characteristics. For example, psychologists might develop tests to assess a persons intelligence, personality traits, or interests. These tests can be used to help people make decisions about education, occupation, and clinical treatment.